backend/README.md, before:

# SupplyCart Interview Case Study (Laravel)

## Setup Instructions
1. Make sure you have composer install then run the command below to generate `vendor` directory
    ```bash
    composer install
    ```
2. Duplicate `.env.example` and rename it to `.env`.
3. Update database and mailing credentials in the `.env`.
4. Run the command below to generate `APP_KEY`
    ```bash
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
5. Run the command below to generate Passport's keys
    ```bash
    php artisan passport:keys
    ```
6. Run the command below to run database migration. 
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate
    ```
    Optionally, you can run database migration with **seeded data** using the command below. [^1]
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate --seed
    ```

**Do take note**, you need to **create and insert manually** Countries, Brands, Categories, Products and Prices into the database if you choose not to run the seeder.

If you choose to run database migration **without database seeder**, run the command below to create Passport Grant Client.
```bash
php artisan passport:client --password --name=SupplyCart --provider=users
```

If you choose to run database migration **with seeder**, Passport Grant Client will be generated at the end of the run command. 

Copy the _Client ID_ and _Client Secret_ for login API request.

## Postman
1. Environment at `backend/.postman/local.postman_environment.json`
2. Collection at `backend/.postman/supplycart-backend.postman_collection.json`

### Footnote
[^1]: You can temporarily comment out `backend/database/seeders/DatabaseSeeder.php:24` (User seeder) and/or `backend/database/seeders/DatabaseSeeder.php:25` (Cart and Order seeder) if you don't need them. You can customize and see seeded user credentials at `backend/database/seeders/UserSeeder.php`.

Commit message:

add tasks completion in README.md

backend/README.md, after:

# SupplyCart Interview Case Study (Laravel)

## Setup Instructions
1. Make sure you have composer install then run the command below to generate `vendor` directory
    ```bash
    composer install
    ```
2. Duplicate `.env.example` and rename it to `.env`.
3. Update database and mailing credentials in the `.env`.
4. Run the command below to generate `APP_KEY`
    ```bash
    php artisan key:generate
    ```
5. Run the command below to generate Passport's keys
    ```bash
    php artisan passport:keys
    ```
6. Run the command below to run database migration. 
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate
    ```
    Optionally, you can run database migration with **seeded data** using the command below. [^1]
    ```bash
    php artisan migrate --seed
    ```

**Do take note**, you need to **create and insert manually** Countries, Brands, Categories, Products and Prices into the database if you choose not to run the seeder.

If you choose to run database migration **without database seeder**, run the command below to create Passport Grant Client.
```bash
php artisan passport:client --password --name=SupplyCart --provider=users
```

If you choose to run database migration **with seeder**, Passport Grant Client will be generated at the end of the run command. 

Copy the _Client ID_ and _Client Secret_ for login API request.

## Postman
1. Environment at `backend/.postman/local.postman_environment.json`
2. Collection at `backend/.postman/supplycart-backend.postman_collection.json`

## Tasks
1. As guest, I want to be able to register an account `POST api/register`
2. As guest, I want to be able to login using registered account `POST api/login`
3. As user, I want to see list of products after login `GET api/products`
4. As user, I want to be able to add product to cart `POST api/carts`
5. As user, I want to be able to place order for added products in cart `POST api/orders`
6. As user, I want to see my order history `GET api/orders`
7. As user, I want to be able to logout `GET api/logout`

## Bonus Tasks
1. Verify email after registration `GET api/verify-email/{id}/{hash}`
2. User activity log e.g. login, logout, add to cart, place order etc `didn't do`
3. Product attributes and filtering e.g brand, category `GET api/products?filter`
4. Different user can see different price for products `price based on user country`
5. Add unit tests `done Feature test using Pest`
6. Deploy app to a server `didn't do`

### Footnote
[^1]: You can temporarily comment out `backend/database/seeders/DatabaseSeeder.php:24` (User seeder) and/or `backend/database/seeders/DatabaseSeeder.php:25` (Cart and Order seeder) if you don't need them. You can customize and see seeded user credentials at `backend/database/seeders/UserSeeder.php`.
